Is it a sentence?
Do Did you experience many times summer vacation without taking it mon's Naa summer vacation
It is true, I already have about 3 times 3 days
Hmm
I only have 3 impressions
Hit the same summer together
Nowhere else
Ha ah ah it That's something likely in this booth Chaberi cane
Next in that train at the time of the NineHana her gold before the sky child when it comes to the scene of the rear Pope
Plus talking about the incident I sat down
Because of it, while taking a look at the surroundings when the train comes
It is a manager while doing soge sowa
It looks like a lie Nante 1-month 's not do so I think this I became Liz lecturer
I something was talking how I and my Shun-kun because I's right
Ghosh I may not remember only a precaution by train
We were sitting next to me
Do not lie today
When I was a good year really probably lie sat down I was sitting
And Toshi-kun has been bought place books to become a high
If it is the first maintenance
So although I should multiply the voice is made see you Te I Sun'
0 by voice
Let's put it on
To have when you get off I Wow from Datte he saw that you were standing
The upper wing of the pure hole stalker in the field was examined without weaving
That I go with is to know Now the tube to what to Do Hana-chan of the three lines of
If it then flows and comes to a convenience store
Already great
I can't grow now Something is happening
What is it?
Ah ah ah ah
Next to the train
Please talk about the incident when you sit down
Because of that, when I come to the train today, while watching the surroundings
I was riding body-chan while Kan fidgeting
Do Today my batter not in this if there is no Han Chanko Charlottenburg
Thought
To do
adm no difference really what should i do
Let's ask, 3 guests
It was my first guest to see my feet, but I was already in Sakuroyama at that time.
I do not like funny